[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: We're here
today with John Lear.
We're going to be talking about
extraterrestrial encounters.
John, thanks for
joining me today.
>>JOHN LEAR: My pleasure, Emery.
>>EMERY: Well, the first
time it happened to me,
I was on our farm in
down south Florida
there, around the age of seven.
And this craft
came over the lake,
maybe 35 feet in diameter.
It was glowing a
blue white light.
And I could see three beings
in a small portal, oval type
of window.
And had this telepathic
very quick communication.
And it just folded in on
itself, and it was gone.
I went in and I
told my mom and dad.
And they said, OK, that's OK.
Just don't talk
about it at school.
When was the first time that you
felt that no, we're not alone
in your life?
>>LEAR: The first
time that I knew
things weren't as they
should be was coming out
of Brown and Brown Dance
School where I took tap dancing
and ballet and tumbling.
There was a bus out
there that I would
get on and go to my
222 14th Street, which
is about a 30 minute drive.
And I got on the
bus, sat in there,
jostled all the way up 14th
street, all the way to Georgina
where I got off.
And just as I got off the bus,
I was back getting on the bus.
>>EMERY: Ooh.
>>LEAR: And I turned around
and I said to the driver,
did I just get on this bus?
And he had this blank look.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: And here I've got to go
take that trip all over again,
which is a pain in the rear
end, that 30 minute by.
And I just got on and--
>>EMERY: Where were you, John?
>>LEAR: That was the first
time I realized something was--
>>EMERY: Something's not right.
>>LEAR: And then
later the first time I
saw a craft was in a Learjet
descending into Los Angeles.
And what looked like an
M2-F2 went from left to right
at my same altitude.
>>EMERY: The bathtub one?
>>LEAR: Right.
the flying bathtub.
>>EMERY: The flying bathtub.
>>LEAR: And only years later,
after I told that story
several times, did I
realize what in the world
would am M2-F2 be flying
across the Los Angeles approach
corridor?
I mean, it just couldn't happen.
>>EMERY: And then you
knew it couldn't happen.
>>LEAR: So it was
something else.
>>EMERY: Well, flying all
these planes, 50 countries,
have you seen any other
unidentified aerial phenomena,
whether it's craft, or
lights, or anything else?
>>LEAR: Yeah, I was
flying from Detroit
to Los Angeles at night,
real late at night.
We had just passed Chicago.
And I'm just sitting there,
nothing to do at night.
And looked out the window.
It's hard to see out the
window. because in a cockpit
usually the lights are bright
and you can't see outside
unless you put your head up.
But my head was
close to this window.
And I saw something moving.
And it couldn't
have been a star,
could have been an airplane.
But it was moving
fairly quickly.
And then it got to a certain
position and went straight up.
I mean just boom.
And I thought, wow,
that's pretty interesting.
And then about a minute or
two later, I saw another one.
And it started coming
this way, and this way.
And then right at this
point it went boom,
straight up like that.
And I said, you know,
I'd love to tell
these guys in the cockpit
who don't believe anything.
But it's not going
to happen again.
And I'm going to
look like an idiot.
But then it did it another time.
And I said, come here you guys.
I want to show you something.
And they came over and
came over, the clock wheel
and the flight engineer, and
watched it come across and go
botch, like that.
And they saw it twice.
And so they had to
admit, yeah, there's
something that's
a little odd here.
And then the only
other time I saw
a craft was when Bob Lazar
took us out to Area 51.
>>EMERY: So would you say
that was not our craft?
That was their craft?
We didn't have that
type of technology.
>>LEAR: The first one
where it passed me, that
couldn't have been our craft.
It was going too fast.
At least I didn't think so.
Now the second over
Chicago, yeah, that
could have been ours.
Because there's no
reason that ET--
or I don't think there
could be a reason--
for it to come along
on a flight path
and just at a certain
point go straight up.
That didn't make sense.
That was some kind of
test, or something that we
we're doing, particularly
five in a row.
>>EMERY: I notice the FAA really
comes down hard on pilots that
see these aerial phenomena.
What is that about?
Who's in control of them?
And why do they get so--
>>LEAR: A secret government.
>>EMERY: --attacked?
And even if you mention
something like that,
you're going to immediately
lose your medical certificate.
And you won't find a
pilot in the entire FAA
inventory that would
ever even bring something
like that up anymore.
They know better.
>>EMERY: Well, a lot of people
saw those Phoenix lights.
What was that about?
>>LEAR: I'm pretty
sure that was us.
I had a friend that flew
for Southwest Airways.
He was on the ground.
He said, John they were
flying missing man formation.
It was not flares.
I'm familiar--
>>EMERY: There's multiple
craft, not one large craft.
>>LEAR: Right.
And it was a missing
man formation.
So it was for somebody who
had got killed or something.
He didn't say definitely us.
But he said, that was definitely
a missing man formation.
And it was real.
It wasn't flares.
And the government tried
to say it was flares.
>>EMERY: Oh yeah, that got
blown out of proportion.
>>LEAR: That was a
really important visual
for the people in Phoenix.
>>EMERY: Oh, yes.
>>LEAR: And there was
a lot of film of it.
And the military tried
to pass it off as flares.
Total--
>>EMERY: Are you aware of any
extraterrestrial civilizations
working on planet Earth, helping
any government institutions,
or organizations, or
projects side by side?
>>LEAR: Yes, at
least five of them,
different extraterrestrial
civilizations
work up at Groom Lake.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: And then
inside the Earth,
there's at least 800 separate
civilizations that live inside.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
>>LEAR: How can there
be that much room?
You have no idea how much
room there is in there.
And they say, well,
is the earth hollow?
No, it's not hollow.
But they have these
huge spaces under there.
>>EMERY: People don't know
how much volume earth is.
>>LEAR: Absolutely.
>>EMERY: And how much
water covers it too.
And the best place to
hide things is the ocean.
>>LEAR: Absolutely.
>>EMERY: And under these other
caverns that you talk about.
>>LEAR: And the amazing
creatures in the ocean.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>LEAR: Fantastic creatures.
>>LEAR: And I saw one,
the video the other day,
of a guy who was a deep sea
diver on making the oil rigs.
And he made a presentation
that was very scary.
He saw something and it
scared the living out of him.
And it was uncomfortable just
watching him tell this story
because it was so believable.
OK, well this one grabbed onto
the guy and tried to take him.
And he got away from it.
>>EMERY: Whoa.
Yeah, there's a lot of beings
also that live in the water
out there, in the
depths, that we're
investigating to this day.
So it's very interesting,
because I used to film
for National Geographic
and Discovery Channel
underwater film.
And learning every day they're
discovering a new species
of seaweed, bacteria, a fish.
Just like in the Amazon they're
discovering a new species
everyday of something
that we don't know of,
whether it's an
insect or whatever.
And I think there's
a lot more discovery
that's going to come out
that's going to be ET related
due to genetics,
and the things that
are coming in and out of
projects that people may
be carrying out on their skin.
They don't even know it.
And a lot of mutation factors
are happening around the planet
that we're noticing
through the testing of DNA.
>>LEAR: They spent 50 years
trying to prove the Loch Ness
Monster, this or that.
Of course it's there.
But trying to prove
it is something else.
>>EMERY: Right.
Tell me about these
five different ET
civilizations that are
working with us at Groom Lake.
>>LEAR: The only story I know
is the story about the security
guard.
And they used to
hire security guards
to sit at different parts of
the walkways they had built.
They were built out
of stainless steel.
And they'd have a
guard station there.
And I don't know what
he's supposed to do,
but anyway, this one
guard is sitting there.
He'd just been hired.
And here comes a praying mantis
walking down the hallway.
And it comes walking
down the hallway,
and the security guard looks
at him, he has a heart attack
and dies right there.
And so then after that, when
they hired security guards,
they spent a three weeks
indoctrination period
of showing them pictures,
but very carefully,
and not everything
at the same time.
Give them a flash image.
And then the next time,
maybe a couple of seconds,
to get them used to
seeing this weird stuff.
Because take somebody off the
street, put him on security,
and have a praying mantis
come down the hallway,
shuffling along,
you know that's--
some people would--
>>EMERY: It's quite shocking.
>>LEAR: Very shocking.
So that's the only story I know.
>>EMERY: But what were
some of the other species?
You said you know
of five, but this
is just one story you heard of.
>>LEAR: I'm trying to think.
There was one that was
called the Orange, one
that was called the Iban.
Some of them look
pretty far out.
Some of them kind of like us.
But I don't remember
exactly all of them.
>>EMERY: Right.
You know, there's a
misconception out there
with these Greys.
What could you
tell me about that?
>>LEAR: They're made
on Zeta Reticuli.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: And they are
cybernetic organisms.
They're essentially
glorified robots.
And anybody can use them,
good ETs, bad ETs, whatever.
They're just there to do a job,
whatever they're asked to do.
The story about Serpo
is completely not true.
Serpo is the story
that's been going around
about the contingent of Air
Force and Navy personnel
that went to Zeta
Reticuli and learned
how to play soccer with them,
and all kinds of nonsense.
>>EMERY: Nonsense, yeah.
>>LEAR: When I first heard
that I couldn't believe it.
And people really thought--
>>EMERY: People believe we
hit golf balls on the moon.
>>LEAR: But the story I
heard 30 years ago or so
was there were three
people, three guys that
went to Zeta Reticuli and
stayed a couple weeks.
And when they came back one
had died, one had gone crazy,
and one was completely normal.
And so that's the first time
I heard of anything similar
to Serpo.
>>EMERY: Hmm.
That makes actual sense
to me if it did happen.
Because small groups
of people over time--
Russia did a study on this,
actually, with five cosmonauts.
And locked them up for
just like 150 days.
And three of them lost it.
And only two really
kind of kept their wits.
And that was only
after 150 days.
So it takes a very strong mental
mind to do anything like that.
But it's interesting you said
that they were a little whacked
out when they came back.
>>LEAR: But the
Serpo playing soccer
is absolutely ridiculous.
Bit I can see the
government point of view
where they're wanting to
present them that they were not
that threatening.
>>EMERY: Right.
Well, let's get back to
the program lifeforms,
these greys that can
be operated by pretty
much any extraterrestrial race.
I have heard that we
have duplicated this.
And I have seen human-type
cybernetic organisms
in the projects where I could
not tell they were not human.
I was privy to a huge
group of scientists
at the university in Mexico,
where they put 300 people
in the auditorium.
And it was secured
by the military
so no one would be there.
And the scientists
came up on front stage
and basically showed
a PowerPoint of this
is where we're
going with robotics.
This is where we're going with
osseointegration, the formation
of tissue into titanium.
This is where we're going
to grow an organism,
but also add circuitry to it.
It was too unfathomable in 1993.
So he said, well everyone,
just to let you know
this has already been done.
And three of you in the
audience are these bots.
>>LEAR: Mm.
>>EMERY: And everyone went nuts.
[CHUCKLE]
And they said, they asked
them to please stand up.
It was a very, I
think, shocking thing
for a lot of those
scientists to have
seen this that are a
part of that project,
that we already did it.
Because they were already
working on it to see who
would come up with.
But we-- they've already done
it like five years before.
>>LEAR: Right.
>>EMERY: And I think
they got this from
the reverse-engineered
technology of a couple of craft
that have crashed that--
of course, they send PLFs
when they come to crash,
to help share.
They intentionally
sometimes crash here
to give us a little--
some goodies, so we
can advance ourselves.
>>LEAR: Absolutely.
Roswell was that.
Now they actually did crash.
But when they were
going to clean it up
they were told no,
leave it there.
We're going to see what
they can do with this.
>>EMERY: Do you believe they
are helping humanity kind
of get to where it needs to be?
I know they're not
allowed to do too much.
Because everyone's
always asking well,
why don't they just go to
land on the White House lawn
and give us all
their technology?
And we both know it
doesn't work that way.
We've got to work hard here to
get ourselves correct first.
>>LEAR: Right.
>>EMERY: So we can clean up this
planet and clean ourselves up.
>>LEAR: Yeah, this planet
will never be cleaned up.
It'll always be here.
It'll always be a prison planet.
It's for those
guys that need help
in learning how to live with
integrity, without envy, hate,
or greed, and to express their
love to their families each
and every day.
That's what we're
trying to learn now.
The help we're getting is
strictly for the government
itself as a bribe to not let us
know what they know about ET,
and that we were made by ET.
They want to be sure that
they have the government's
complicity and agreement
to work towards this end,
and not make any disclosure.
Not that they would have anyway,
but that's the agreement.
>>EMERY: You did mention
just to bring it up,
as Earth as a prison, I'll say.
And that makes me think
about the new prison
that they have worked on
for agents and for people
who have broke the
rules in the projects.
Do you know about this prison?
>>LEAR: Yeah, they took the
people that violated their oath
or did something that
they weren't supposed
to do as a security guard, or
as a worker there at Groom Lake.
And if they were
going to go to prison,
they sent them to Lovelock,
which was a federal prison.
But after a few
years they realized
the problem in doing that is
the prisoners from the test site
would tell the other
prisoners about the aliens,
and the underground
facilities, and all that.
And they didn't want that.
So they ended up building a
prison inside the Nevada test
site.
And it was a supermax.
And the supermax, of
course, is the new prison
we built throughout
the United States
to hold the toughest
of all prisoners.
And that's why I
call it supermax.
>>EMERY: Have you ever heard
of a super soldier type
program where they were
mixing extraterrestrial DNA
with humans and
experimenting with that?
Or just anything with
that type of program?
>>LEAR: Absolutely.
Those super soldiers have
been showing up in the UK.
And I assume they're building
them in Saudi Arabia.
But I really don't know.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I think so too.
And what about Pine Gap?
What are they doing over there?
>>LEAR: Pine Gap has been
there for a long time.
And there's-- it's
UFO, ET Related.
I do know that there was
a story where somebody
had seen in a building
a small ET talking,
one that was 3 feet tall
talking with our scientist.
But other than that
it's very difficult
to get any information.
>>EMERY: Now the
tribes out there
seem to know a lot about it.
I was actually
recently contacted
by one of the tribal leaders
that really want to help out
in some way to fund a
self-sustainable community
with the help of
extraterrestrials.
>>LEAR: Right.
You know, Pine Gap has
been there a long time.
But what people
generally don't know
is the US has 13 major
bases in Australia.
And about 10 years ago, there
was a big uproar about that.
And then it just
kind of died out.
But there's a lot going on
there that we don't know about.
And as I told you the anti-grav
program that used to be at S4
has been all
transferred to Woomera.
Woomera is in South
Central Australia.
And it was the site
of the Australian nuke
test back in the '50s.
And there's a lot of underground
facilities in area there.
There's nothing
there now except--
and that's why we
moved in there,
is because we have our
anti-grav research there.
>>EMERY: Do you believe
that the countries that
are working with
extraterrestrials,
are they doing it independently?
Are they sharing the
information back and forth?
>>LEAR: I don't think we share.
And I base that on the fact
that when Bob worked at S-4,
the Russians had been
invited in to look
at some of our research.
And for some reason, had
immediately been kicked out
and not allowed to know
whatever it was we learned.
So if we were sharing
it's not going on anymore.
>>EMERY: Why do
you think that is,
John, that we're not
sharing back and forth.
>>LEAR: I think
that sharing would
bring us too close to the
secret US Navy space command.
>>EMERY: Oh, right.
>>LEAR: And if we
started sharing?
Information there,
the space command
would show up as part of this.
And I don't think they
want to leak that at all.
>>EMERY: What do you think
about this new space program?
What do you think?
I mean, we already know it's
already been there forever.
But now it's coming out
because they need money,
and they have to show
where money's going.
What's your take on
this space program?
>>LEAR: You know,
six months ago there
was 33 of us that were asked
to put on paper what we would
like President Trump to know.
And we did.
And it was published on the web.
And then a couple
months after that,
we were given six
minutes of video
to tell President Trump
what was going on.
My part, and the
reason they asked me,
was my knowledge of
9/11 and the aircrafts
that were part of 9/11.
Whatever became of
it I don't know.
But when President Trump
announced the space command,
I'm wondering what
is the deal here?
Are they going to
try and phase that
into the space
command that exists?
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: Or the Navy has never
been known to share anything.
So I don't know
whether President Trump
knows what's really going on.
And there, as I
told you, he doesn't
have a high enough
clearance to know that.
And he's surrounded by
the dual passport holders,
Israeli-American
passport holders trying
to limit the information
that gets to him.
Yeah, or the
information he's getting
is just too much
or disinformation.
>>EMERY: I've been approached
by a lot of people coming up
to me, talking about
the Tall Whites
from Nellis Air Force
Base that Charles Hall has
been reporting.
What is that all about?
>>LEAR: That Charles
Hall set of three books
was the most interesting
books I've read in a long time
because he had everything
accurate as far as where
that base was, and
the Tall Whites.
Except he made it sound like
that base was to the south.
And the real name
was Indian Springs.
And now it's called
Creech Air Force Base.
That's where he was based at.
And all the stories he told
matched with all the dry lakes
and area he had to patrol.
He was the only guy out there.
And he said that
the Tall Whites,
their base that we
helped build was 13 miles
Northwest of Dog Bone Lake.
And that matches with
the maps that I have.
So that would be almost halfway
between Groom Lake and Dog Bone
Lake.
OK, so I have a friend,
Bill Worsline that I've
known for 35, 40 years.
And we do all kinds of
investigation together.
I know him very well.
And one day, about 20
years ago, he says call me.
And said I'm going up
to the black mailbox
to see what I can see.
So we all know the black mailbox
is on the Medellin ranch there.
And that's where people hang
out to look at Groom Lake.
I said, well call me if
there's anything weird.
So he called me.
He drove up Monday morning.
And Monday evening
he parked his truck
at the black mailbox oriented
towards the southeast.
He and his wife
were sitting there.
It was dark, 8:00,
9:00 at night.
And he sees two
headlights coming his way
from way, way in the
distance to the southeast.
And they come faster,
and faster, and faster.
And pretty soon they go--
as it gets closer to his
truck, he opens the door
and puts his--
gets out to stand there to
watch this thing go over.
And he says, I didn't
actually see it go over.
But I turned to the right and
here's an 18 Wheeler grinding
up that road towards Rachel.
And I could see the
blinking red tail lights.
So he said something's
not right here.
So I said, OK,
well, when you get,
you want to do a regression?
He said, OK.
Though I was almost licensed
as a geographic regressive
hypnosis.
But I didn't take the final
exam because I didn't have time.
But anyway I know how to do
it, how not to get in trouble.
So he came by the
house with his wife.
I used to have a big long couch
there that faced the fireplace.
He laid down.
I didn't set up a
recorder because I
had no confidence that
anything was going to come out.
This town's like a BS--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: Even though I
know Bill very well,
I know he wasn't
fabricating anything.
So I start the regressive
analysis and immediately
the story comes out.
And the story is as those
headlights came to his truck
it was actually a
flying saucer or disk.
And it had parked right over
his truck, about 50 feet.
And he felt himself being
lifted, levitated up
to and through the doorway.
>>EMERY: Oh, my goodness.
>>LEAR: And then this
saucer, the regular maybe 35,
40 feet in diameter inside.
And there was a nice couch.
And the Tall White motioned to
him to lie down in the couch.
So the Tall White says,
what do you need, Bill?
And Bill's absolutely
speechless.
What do I need?
What do you mean?
What am I doing here, he says.
Well you're the
one that called us.
You're the one that was
looking towards our area.
And you wanted to see us.
And so Bill is
absolutely speechless.
Of course, that's
what I was doing.
But the Tall White introduced
himself as Quaylor,
Q-U-A-Y-L-O-R. And they
just started a normal chat.
What are you doing here?
The various questions, you
know, how many are there?
And you know the different
types of questions.
After about 30 minutes Quaylor
says OK, Bill, it's time to go.
We've got to get back.
So Bill gets up out of
the couch, walks over
to the doorway.
And he's looking out, and the
truck is 50 feet down there.
And he looks back at Quaylor.
And Quaylor says, no problem.
Just step out.
You'll be OK.
[LAUGHTER]
So he steps out and
he just gently floats
down to his truck, and ends
up in the exact same position
that he last remembers watching
these lights come towards him.
>>EMERY: Coming out of the
door out of the truck, there.
>>LEAR: Yeah, that
was the story.
And neither one of us,
we were both surprised
that the story came out.
Because Bill and I
are used to hearing
other people's stories,
regressing other people,
not between ourselves.
>>EMERY: Now it's
happening to you.
>>LEAR: So it was
really amazing.
And Bill Worsline
was the lead guy
for finding the box after
Cherry Hinkle said--
after the eight months went by--
>>EMERY: Right.
>>LEAR: --were the two meetings.
And the Dulcy
security guard said
if I miss two meetings
that means I'm caught.
So you can go look for
the box, go get the box,
and show everybody
what's in there.
So after two months, Cherry
called Bill Worsline.
And Bill Worsline led
the hunt for the box.
And I think they had three
separate complete hunts lasting
two or three days each one,
and never found a trace of it.
>>EMERY: Did he give any
descriptions of the beings?
Were they fat, were they
ectomorphic, mesomorphic?
What was their body somatotypes?
Were they skinny?
>>LEAR: We didn't go into that--
>>EMERY: Didn't go into that.
>>LEAR: --Emory.
Just what we call a Tall White.
>>EMERY: Yeah, tall white.
Sure, sure.
>>LEAR: And this
was the exact one
that Charles Hall wrote about.
And everything matched up.
>>EMERY: Matched up with that.
Yeah, I'm not too familiar
with Charles Hall.
So give me the
back story on him.
>>LEAR: He was stationed
at Indian springs.
And he was a weather observer.
And as it turned out, he was one
of only maybe one or two people
that were stationed there.
It's an extremely desolate area.
where you're just
taking the readings.
And of course, Indian
Springs in those days,
there was nothing there either.
So he used to drive maybe 10
miles east of Indian Springs
and then north.
And north you meet up with Dog
Bone lake and a few others.
But he described it exactly.
And everything matched up.
But one day he's out there.
And I don't remember
the exact scene.
But he saw some wispy
figures in the distance.
And he couldn't figure out
exactly what was going on.
And then he saw another smaller
wispy figure down caught
somewhere, like in bushes or--
not able to move.
And he went there and
helped that figure out.
Turned out to be a small White.
And the mother apparently
was so thankful
that they became
friends, and told Hall
that they were building
a base to the north.
And they got to friends
and he saw them from time
to time up there.
And he just described
the base of being
13 miles to the Northwest
of Dog Bone which
would be exactly halfway between
Groom Lake and Dog Bone Lake.
And that happened to
be the exact place
that when Bill Worsline line was
up there at the black mailbox
where he was facing,
they were coming from.
>>EMERY: Were they speaking
English or telepathy?
>>LEAR: Telepathy.
>>EMERY: Yes, telepathy.
So who is in control
of this planet?
It's obviously not us.
You know there's some
other outsiders looking in.
And what could you
tell us about that?
>>LEAR: OK, you're
going to get an opinion.
Because there's no way
I could really know.
>>EMERY: I understand.
>>LEAR: The people
that made us, when
we're born we're given a soul.
The soul is one of the most
fantastic things ever devised.
It's huge.
It has a capacity for
so much information.
And it has to be
educated and matured
from the day we are born.
So all of us here, you, me, all
of us have lived at least 200
or 300 lifetimes
before we got here.
The reason we're here is
because after our last time
it was apparent that we were
not candidates to go ahead
unless we learned
more about how to live
our lives with integrity,
without envy, without hate,
without greed, and to express
our love to our families
each and every day.
That's what we're
doing here on Earth.
And Earth is not
the only planet.
There are billions
of Earths just
like this one that have
the same people trying
to learn the same
things, learning
how to live with integrity.
>>EMERY: Is it possible there
could be another John Lear
energy, or soul, on
another planet right now?
>>LEAR: Probably a billion.
>>EMERY: Or another
dimension, possibly?
>>LEAR: Absolutely.
>>EMERY: Right, because we're
everywhere all the time.
And we're working
multiple places.
That's what I believe in,
multiple planetary systems.
Well thank you, John.
That was interesting.
As always a pleasure to talk
to someone of like mind.
Thanks for coming on the show.
>>LEAR: My pleasure, Emery.
Nice to see you again.
>> Says his name is
Dr. Allen J. Hynek.
Weren't you with a thing
called Project Blue Book?
Well, I thought they
shut it all down.
He says, yeah, they got you
thinking, right, don't they?
>> We went inside this craft.
There was a soldier
standing right here.
Then there all of a sudden, I
see like a flash and look over.
And he's not there no more.
I didn't know his
name or nothing.
>> Have you ever physically been
to a planet other than Earth?
>> Yes.
>> From my perspective, Mr.
Kramer does believe that he is
telling the truth.
>> A frisbee came in, plowed
into these palm trees.
It's a disk.
>> Area 51 is doing the
advanced aircraft program.
>> All the military branches
have covert military space
program operations.
>> They shut down
Project Blue Book,
but you're now here
searching underwater UFOs.
>> At Fort Gordon, Georgia.
I slipped one of the pieces
of debris in my boot.
>> We would engage in
ground combat with groups
of indigenous reptoids.